#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    make upgrade
#
amqp==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   kombu
asgiref==3.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django
astroid==3.3.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.in
    #   pylint
    #   pylint-celery
billiard==4.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
celery==5.4.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
certifi==2024.8.30
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   pynacl
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-log
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-lint
click-didyoumean==0.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
click-log==0.4.0
    # via edx-lint
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
click-repl==0.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
code-annotations==1.8.0
    # via edx-lint
coverage[toml]==7.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.in
    #   pytest-cov
ddt==1.7.2
    # via -r requirements/test.in
dill==0.3.8
    # via pylint
    # via
    #   -c requirements/common_constraints.txt
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-crum
    #   django-waffle
    #   edx-django-utils
django-crum==0.7.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
django-waffle==4.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
edx-braze-client==0.2.5
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
edx-django-utils==5.15.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-rest-api-client
edx-lint==5.4.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
edx-rest-api-client==6.0.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via pytest
isort==5.13.2
    # via pylint
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via code-annotations
kombu==5.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via jinja2
mccabe==0.7.0
    # via pylint
mock==5.1.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
newrelic==9.13.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
packaging==24.1
    # via pytest
pbr==6.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   stevedore
platformdirs==4.3.6
    # via pylint
pluggy==1.5.0
    # via pytest
prompt-toolkit==3.0.48
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   click-repl
psutil==6.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
pycodestyle==2.12.1
    # via -r requirements/test.in
pycparser==2.22
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cffi
pyjwt==2.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-rest-api-client
pylint==3.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.in
    #   edx-lint
    #   pylint-celery
    #   pylint-django
    #   pylint-plugin-utils
pylint-celery==0.3
    # via edx-lint
pylint-django==2.5.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.in
    #   edx-lint
pylint-plugin-utils==0.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.in
    #   pylint-celery
    #   pylint-django
pynacl==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
pytest==8.3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.in
    #   pytest-cov
pytest-cov==5.0.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
python-slugify==8.0.4
    # via code-annotations
pytz==2024.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   code-annotations
    #   responses
redis==5.0.8
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   responses
responses==0.25.3
    # via -r requirements/test.in
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-lint
    #   python-dateutil
sqlparse==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django
stevedore==5.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-utils
testfixtures==8.3.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via python-slugify
tomlkit==0.13.2
    # via pylint
tzdata==2024.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
    #   kombu
urllib3==2.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
    #   responses
vine==5.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   kombu
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   prompt-toolkit
